Nomad: server join deprecations (#2721)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/nomad/v2.0.x/content/commands/server/join.mdx

are joined successfully, the exit code will be 0. Otherwise, the exit code will
be 1.

When joining servers to a region, run `server join` against the leader of a
region.

Joining servers in different regions will [federate][] the regions. This assumes
that ACLs have been bootstrapped in the authoritative region. You should always

> run `server join` against the authoritative region. See [Configure for multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run `server join` against the authoritative region. Refer to [Configure for multiple
```
